No, he's already here.
Miss Mu
Why are you here? I'm Zhao Yuntian, Mr. Zhao
We've met before.
I didn't expect to see you here again
I thought you were here to find me
But it doesn't matter.
I find you the same
Why was Miss Mu so proactive towards him?
Zhao Gongzi, don't you know?
This is his employment number.
What? How is that possible?
Miss Mu is the first name in the Shangjing family
Heir to the next family
There's nobody in Kyoto like that.
Stick with this big talker
Zhao Yuntian, you are happy
When will it be your turn to intervene in my business?
Miss Huo, I didn't mean that
Just another time
There is no need for the Zhao family to exist anymore
Just in time for you to come
Help me check the oxidation of this sheet.
Where did this come from?
Miss Wu
This is a birthday present for me in the early morning.
Is there a problem?
This order name is the previous yuan order.
Not only no problem
It is a female ordinary leading edge single.
What Miss Fu
This is real money from Dan
Are you kidding me?
Well, it's rejecting me
If you still don't believe
Encountered a drug testing agency
No, wow.
Why did you eat it, spit it out
If it's fake, it's in trouble
I believe that silver deposits will not harm me